Support choice observers in 1.dev (#7922)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/reference/choices.rst

In contrast, if you start with ``controller``, the ``controller`` is automatically added as an observer when you compile your DAML files.

.. _daml-ref-choice-observers:

> A secondary difference is that starting with ``choice`` allows choice observers to be attached to the choice. They will see all consequences of the action, along with other stakeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A secondary difference is that starting with ``choice`` allows *choice observers* to be attached to the choice using the ``observer`` keyword. The choice observers are a list of parties that, in addition to the stakeholders, will see all consequences of the action.
```
